README.md, before:

#### Team Bikenetic is a cyclocross and mountain bike racing team in the Washington DC area. 

![Nathaniel being Nathaniel](https://scontent-iad3-1.xx.fbcdn.net/v/t1.0-9/67875338_678043609705_3038723116067979264_o.jpg?_nc_cat=108&_nc_oc=AQkrh0zHJWKady7xXGDBGcDubSZnvHLpVv5_ejcQNGfvQnIRp0Tp3mQZjYvJKQxcLz8&_nc_ht=scontent-iad3-1.xx&oh=bf9485acd2e5290c88f509e8a6289863&oe=5E0F733C)

#### Currently we run two annual events:

- [BikeneticX Cyclocross](https://www.bikereg.com/37544): November 24, 2019 - our annual CX race, part of the [BikeReg Cyclocross Super Series](https://www.facebook.com/Super8cyclocross/)
    - [2018 results](https://www.crossresults.com/race/8767)
    - [2017 results](https://www.crossresults.com/race/7924)
    - [2016 results](https://www.crossresults.com/race/6900)
    - [2015 results](https://www.crossresults.com/race/5900)
    - [2014 results](https://www.crossresults.com/race/4944)
- Dirty BikenetiCrit! - our gravel crit
    - [2019 results](https://www.crossresults.com/race/9082)
    - [2018 results](https://www.road-results.com/race/10775)
    - [2017 results](https://www.road-results.com/race/9552)
    - [2016 results](https://www.road-results.com/race/8243)

We’re sponsored and fully supported by [Bikenetic Full Service Bike Shop](https://www.bikenetic.com/), 201 West Jefferson St, Falls Church VA 22046, phone 703-KEG-RIDE. Thanks to Bikenetic, we also enjoy superb equipment sponsorship from [Rolf Prima](https://rolfprima.com/), Kona, Jamis, Raleigh, and Norco in addition to excellent local support from Falls Church businesses: [Stahl Homes LLC](http://stahlhomes.com/), [Cafe Kindred](http://www.cafekindred.com/), and [Clare and Don's Beach Shack](http://www.clareanddons.com/).

We publish a brief, weekly [podcast](https://overcast.fm/itunes1436089238/team-bikenetic-bicycle-shorts). It is public but oriented towards the team or interests of the team. Feel free to subscribe, feedback is welcome. [Overcast](https://overcast.fm/itunes1436089238/team-bikenetic-bicycle-shorts), [iTunes](https://itunes.apple.com/us/podcast/team-bikenetic-bicycle-shorts/id1436089238?mt=2), or [Stitcher](https://www.stitcher.com/s?fid=233261).

Basically, we have fun in dirt. But we also do lots of public service and outreach: [MORE](http://www.more-mtb.org/) trail-building, [Bike to Work Day](https://www.biketoworkmetrodc.org/) support, [WABA](http://www.waba.org/) advocacy, and [Phoenix Bikes](http://www.phoenixbikes.org/) volunteering.

We started in 2014 with 25 members and now enjoy the pleasant company of ~75. We’re currently the size we want to be, but if you’re interested, get to know us at races and on rides, hang out with us, and let’s see if we’re a good fit for each other. Membership requires a stated annual commitment to racing and volunteering. For our ongoing activity, check us out on [Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/bikeneticx) and [Instagram](https://www.instagram.com/teambikenetic/).

Commit message:

clean up dirty crit results

README.md, after:

#### Team Bikenetic is a cyclocross and mountain bike racing team in the Washington DC area. 

![Nathaniel being Nathaniel](https://scontent-iad3-1.xx.fbcdn.net/v/t1.0-9/67875338_678043609705_3038723116067979264_o.jpg?_nc_cat=108&_nc_oc=AQkrh0zHJWKady7xXGDBGcDubSZnvHLpVv5_ejcQNGfvQnIRp0Tp3mQZjYvJKQxcLz8&_nc_ht=scontent-iad3-1.xx&oh=bf9485acd2e5290c88f509e8a6289863&oe=5E0F733C)

- [BikeneticX Cyclocross](https://www.bikereg.com/37544): November 24, 2019 - our annual CX race, part of the [BikeReg Cyclocross Super Series](https://www.facebook.com/Super8cyclocross/)
    - [2018 results](https://www.crossresults.com/race/8767)
    - [2017 results](https://www.crossresults.com/race/7924)
    - [2016 results](https://www.crossresults.com/race/6900)
    - [2015 results](https://www.crossresults.com/race/5900)
    - [2014 results](https://www.crossresults.com/race/4944)

In the past, we ran our gravel crit, Dirty BikenetiCrit! for four years. Results are here:
    - [2019 results](https://www.crossresults.com/race/9082)
    - [2018 results](https://www.road-results.com/race/10775)
    - [2017 results](https://www.road-results.com/race/9552)
    - [2016 results](https://www.road-results.com/race/8243)

We’re sponsored and fully supported by [Bikenetic Full Service Bike Shop](https://www.bikenetic.com/), 201 West Jefferson St, Falls Church VA 22046, phone 703-KEG-RIDE. Thanks to Bikenetic, we also enjoy superb equipment sponsorship from [Rolf Prima](https://rolfprima.com/), Kona, Jamis, Raleigh, and Norco in addition to excellent local support from Falls Church businesses: [Stahl Homes LLC](http://stahlhomes.com/), [Cafe Kindred](http://www.cafekindred.com/), and [Clare and Don's Beach Shack](http://www.clareanddons.com/).

We publish a brief, weekly [podcast](https://overcast.fm/itunes1436089238/team-bikenetic-bicycle-shorts). It is public but oriented towards the team or interests of the team. Feel free to subscribe, feedback is welcome. [Overcast](https://overcast.fm/itunes1436089238/team-bikenetic-bicycle-shorts), [iTunes](https://itunes.apple.com/us/podcast/team-bikenetic-bicycle-shorts/id1436089238?mt=2), or [Stitcher](https://www.stitcher.com/s?fid=233261).

Basically, we have fun in dirt. But we also do lots of public service and outreach: [MORE](http://www.more-mtb.org/) trail-building, [Bike to Work Day](https://www.biketoworkmetrodc.org/) support, [WABA](http://www.waba.org/) advocacy, and [Phoenix Bikes](http://www.phoenixbikes.org/) volunteering.

We started in 2014 with 25 members and now enjoy the pleasant company of ~75. We’re currently the size we want to be, but if you’re interested, get to know us at races and on rides, hang out with us, and let’s see if we’re a good fit for each other. Membership requires a stated annual commitment to racing and volunteering. For our ongoing activity, check us out on [Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/bikeneticx) and [Instagram](https://www.instagram.com/teambikenetic/).
